[Az.RecoveryServices.SiteRecovery] Azure Site Recovery support for using managed disks for replication for HyperV to Azure provider (#20967)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/RecoveryServices/RecoveryServices/ChangeLog.md

        - Additional information about change #1
-->
## Upcoming Release

> * Azure Site Recovery support for using managed disks for replication for HyperV to Azure provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Supported using managed disks for replication for HyperV to Azure provider in  Azure Site Recovery 
```
We usually use verb-sentence to describe change log

> * Supported using managed disks for replication for HyperV to Azure provider in  Azure Site Recovery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Supported using managed disks for replication for HyperV to Azure provider in Azure Site Recovery
```
